README.md, before:

# 🎸 Welcome to the Green Day Fan Page!

![Green Day Banner](https://github.com/savjaylade84/GreenDayFan.github.io/blob/master/gd2.png)

> *“Don’t wanna be an American Idiot…”*  
> — Green Day

---

## 🥁 About Green Day

**Green Day** is an American rock band formed in 1987 in East Bay, California. Known for their punk rock sound and socially conscious lyrics, they’ve become one of the most influential bands in modern rock history.

Famous for hits like:

- *Basket Case*  
- *Boulevard of Broken Dreams*  
- *Wake Me Up When September Ends*  
- *American Idiot*

---

## 🎶 Featured Albums

| Album | Year | Notable Songs |
|:------|:------:|:---------------|
| **Dookie** | 1994 | *Basket Case, When I Come Around* |
| **American Idiot** | 2004 | *Holiday, Boulevard of Broken Dreams, Wake Me Up When September Ends* |
| **21st Century Breakdown** | 2009 | *Know Your Enemy, 21 Guns* |
| **Revolution Radio** | 2016 | *Bang Bang, Still Breathing* |

---

## 📰 Latest News & Updates

Stay tuned for updates on:

- Upcoming tours and concerts 🎤  
- New album releases 💿  
- Fan meetups and merch drops 🎁  

> Visit the [News & Updates Page](newsUpdate.html) for more information.

---

## 💚 Fan Zone

Join our community of fans who share a passion for punk, rebellion, and Green Day’s music.  
Check out photos, videos, and album art in the [Gallery](album.html)!  

![Green Day Collage](https://github.com/savjaylade84/GreenDayFan.github.io/blob/master/gd1.jpg)

---

## 👨‍💻 About This Site

This website was created by [savjaylade84](https://github.com/savjaylade84) as a tribute to Green Day and as a project to practice web design using **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**.

You can find the full source code here:  
👉 [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/savjaylade84/GreenDayFan.github.io)

---

## 🌐 Explore More

- [Home](index.html)  
- [Albums](album.html)  
- [News & Updates](newsUpdate.html)  
- [About the Creator](about.html)

---

© 2025 Green Day Fan Page — A project by [savjaylade84](https://github.com/savjaylade84).  
*This is a fan-made site and is not affiliated with Green Day or their management.*

Commit message:

Fix links in README for live site navigation
Updated links in README to point to live site URLs.

README.md, after:

# 🎸 Welcome to the Green Day Fan Page!

![Green Day Banner](https://github.com/savjaylade84/GreenDayFan.github.io/blob/master/gd2.png)

> *“Don’t wanna be an American Idiot…”*  
> — Green Day

A static fan-page website for the band **Green Day**, created by [savjaylade84](https://github.com/savjaylade84). The site is hosted via GitHub Pages and built using plain HTML, CSS and JavaScript

## 🚀 Live Demo

Visit the live site here: 
https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/greendayFan.html

---

## 🥁 About Green Day

**Green Day** is an American rock band formed in 1987 in East Bay, California. Known for their punk rock sound and socially conscious lyrics, they’ve become one of the most influential bands in modern rock history.

Famous for hits like:

- *Basket Case*  
- *Boulevard of Broken Dreams*  
- *Wake Me Up When September Ends*  
- *American Idiot*

---

## 🎶 Featured Albums

| Album | Year | Notable Songs |
|:------|:------:|:---------------|
| **Dookie** | 1994 | *Basket Case, When I Come Around* |
| **American Idiot** | 2004 | *Holiday, Boulevard of Broken Dreams, Wake Me Up When September Ends* |
| **21st Century Breakdown** | 2009 | *Know Your Enemy, 21 Guns* |
| **Revolution Radio** | 2016 | *Bang Bang, Still Breathing* |

---

## 📰 Latest News & Updates

Stay tuned for updates on:

- Upcoming tours and concerts 🎤  
- New album releases 💿  
- Fan meetups and merch drops 🎁  

> Visit the [News & Updates Page](https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/newsUpdate.html) for more information.

---

## 💚 Fan Zone

Join our community of fans who share a passion for punk, rebellion, and Green Day’s music.  
Check out photos, videos, and album art in the [Gallery](https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/album.html)!  

![Green Day Collage](https://github.com/savjaylade84/GreenDayFan.github.io/blob/master/gd1.jpg)

---

## 👨‍💻 About This Site

This website was created by [savjaylade84](https://github.com/savjaylade84) as a tribute to Green Day and as a project to practice web design using **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**.

You can find the full source code here:  
👉 [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/savjaylade84/GreenDayFan.github.io)

---

## 🌐 Explore More

- [Home](https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/greendayFan.html)  
- [Albums](https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/album.html)  
- [News & Updates](https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/newsUpdate.html)  
- [About the Creator](https://savjaylade84.github.io/GreenDayFan.github.io/about.html)

---

© 2025 Green Day Fan Page — A project by [savjaylade84](https://github.com/savjaylade84).  
*This is a fan-made site and is not affiliated with Green Day or their management.*
